hey so I was going for YouTube and I was
finding some videos on how to make like
take piercings and whatnot and an idea
occurred to me so I tried it out and I
think it was really I think it was
successful for me because the video that
i was looking at she had a really good
idea going on but I'm just terrible when
it comes to bending the wires and making
it nice making it look like an actual
ring I can't do that I'm very I'm
terribly not so I took matters in my own
hands and I found a different way to do
it
one of these little rings they're really
tiny like they don't even fit on my face
Oh tiny they're 18 gauge and they have
this little balls dan I have one in my
lip so um I got these a while ago there
are 12 bucks or nine of them and both
balls throughout their just simple ring
you need wire cutters
and pj's and then you can use lash glue
um I use the press on yahoo picks up
that just comes in the little thing with
press-on nails that's how you eat so
okay so first what you do you take me
ring and braid in the low cut it and you
just split it in her now also what you
can do is cut it a little bit off to the
side cut off a little bit to the side
and then cut it off to the side again on
the other side so there's like a little
middle piece missing what did your nose
because that will actually look like
it's going here your nose we just don't
have two sides of rib so that's just my
role advice you cut it enough or you
know they'll go take away the real part
women and then take bikinis you hold
with it this happen here
gone laughing you take you put on the
whole tip right here with glue be able
to put it on the tip like off the cut
edge and then you just put it in your
house and just kind of hold it there for
peace I can't let it dry and then you
get to see the other side and you upset
them that's about it oh and
I'm finally had to there are black
pedals even though you can't see those
MZ lose my hair but
so that's it if you have any questions
or any questions about searching and
even though and I'll leave a link of the
growth video that I'm talking earlier
i'll leave that in the info bar and